[Editorial review] BiDi - Add pages for input module commands and event (#43919)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/webdriver/reference/bidi/modules/input/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "`input` module"
```

sidebar: webdriver
---

> The **`input`** module contains commands for simulating user input actions such as key presses, mouse clicks, scrolling, and file selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`input`** module provides commands and an event for simulating and observing user input actions such as key presses, mouse clicks, scrolling, and file selection.
```

Now there’s also an event

Author: Yes! Missed updating here
